---
layout: post
title: globilization and the pain management industry
---

The subject of pain management and its related fields have generally been localized within the context of the hospital industry. While this localization provides for expediency with dealing with issues that require a multiplicity of cures, it also limits access and marginalizes methods of pain management that deal with non critical levels of pain. These methods are generally labeled as “alternative” and exist in a realm that is associated with the fringes of medicine. This segregation may perhaps allow these alternative, low power treatments to move into contexts which pain management techniques which are close to the core of the hospital industry are unable to move into. The most critical of these locals is that of the western global business model.
<br />
<br />There are already several arms of the hospital industry which have moved into this context. The pharmacy and the optician are two examples that immediately spring into mind. Both of these specializations are just as likely to be found in a mall as they are within a hospital, if not more likely. In both of these cases there is a specific product which the business is able to provide, but the business must also provide some amount of specialized service to be able to sell that product. While in the case of pharmacology, most of the service is provided outside of the business, in optometry, and specifically in the case of lenscrafters all of the specialized service can be preformed on site and in most cases, by administrators with very little training.
<br />
<br />To a large extent, technological development is what allows a doctor to work next to a food court.  This technology does not however lower the amount of space required to perform the diagnosis, which cuts into space used to sell a specific product. When comparing the products sold by pharmacologists, and those sold by optometrists, the value of a certain volume of product goes up proportionally to the amount of space required to determine the which product is needed. It would follow then that the amount of space needed to preform the duties of an alternative pain management specialist would be sufficiently large to require the sales of an extremely valuable product.
<br />
<br />Perhaps there is no necessary product that needs to be sold in conjunction with these pain management techniques. It may be possible that the alleviation of the pain associated with the onset of global industry and business may be enough profit. The only remaining issue is to find an method of pain relief which can not only be simple to train specialists in its practice, but also to be sufficiently sterilized of its fringe qualities that it can fit into nearly any social context.
