---
layout: post
title: an email to my dad
---

I wrote this email to my dad yesterday.<br /><br />you may be interested in it...<br /><br />Remember how we were looking at those head mountable displays for<br />virtual reality a few years ago? I seem to recall that they were a<br />little too expensive for a weekend project, but I ran across something<br />a few days ago, and realized that it may be applicable...<br /><br /><i><a href="http://www.ladyada.net/make/gamegrrl/index.html">link</a></i><br /><br />the project that she is using it for is not really the same at all,<br />but if you check out the ebay search for the screen that she<br />reccomends, it is only 17 dollars!!! (10 dollars less than the price<br />she quotes on her page)...<br /><br /><i><a href="http://search.ebay.com/hip-gear-screen-pad">link</a></i><br /><br />I think that it takes a standard composite video input as well.<br /><br />even if you were not going to build a wearable computer, or a head<br />mounted display, that is unbelivably cheap for a backlit lcd screen.<br /><br />maybe nice for a little cpu monitor / email alert / secondary monitor<br />for your desktop?<br /><br />(although, that virtual reality stuff is still super cool, and I think<br />it is getting daily closer to being way affordable)<br /><br />I think that the optics and the enclosure are still probably huge<br />hidden costs. I know that accelerometers are really cheap now.<br /><i><a href="http://www.analog.com/en/prod/0,,ADXL202,00.htm">link</a></i> , need two placed at<br />right angles for 3 axis tracking, plus it is good enough for autopilot<br />for helicopters (model ones at least)<br /><i><a href="http://autopilot.sourceforge.net/accel.html">link</a></i><br /><br />this is what reminded me.<br /><br /><i><a href="http://www.gizmodo.com/gadgets/peripherals/scalar-corp-7gram-wearable-screen-038164.php">link</a></i>
