---
layout: post
title: I am an undercover monk
---

In early january upon my return from Italy I was invited to partake in a seminar on my friend's island, located on the Potomac River opposite of Old Angler's Inn.  I spent a solid three day weekend there discussing how to preserve an individual philosophy in a world of perverse intrusiveness.  The head of the seminar, Ed  Binns, was an educated man who started this group of <span style="font-style: italic;">Urban Coyotes</span>, as he likes to call them, so that we would be encouraged to consider this  damn important question. 
<br />
<br />It just so happens that I am pretty stubborn in my religious beliefs  and he just as stubborn in his areligoius beliefs, so arguing with him was lots of fun.  It seems, ironically, that taking a break from society brings you only closer to your fellow man.  Anyhow I won't bore you kiddies with my old geezer stories (and by kiddies I mean Jonathan Brodsky), but I will be posting a few 'corporate parables' which Ed shared with us. 
<br />
<br /> <span style="font-style: italic;font-family:PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif;" >Corporate Lesson #1:
<br />A man is getting into the shower just as his wife is
<br />finishing up her shower when the doorbell rings.
<br />After a few seconds of arguing over which one should
<br />go and answer the doorbell, the wife gives up, quickly
<br />wraps herself up in a towel, and runs downstairs.
<br />When she opens the door, there stands Bob, the
<br />next-door neighbor.  Before she could say a word, Bob
<br />says, "I'll give you $800 to drop that towel that you
<br />have on."  After thinking for a moment, the woman
<br />drops her towel and stands totally naked in front of
<br />Bob.  After a few seconds, Bob hands her 800 dollars
<br />and leaves.
<br />
<br />Confused, but excited about her good fortune, the
<br />woman wraps back up in the towel and goes back
<br />upstairs.  When she gets back to the bathroom, her
<br />husband asks from the shower, "Who was that??  "It was
<br />Bob the next door neighbor," she replies.
<br />
<br />"Great!" the husband says, "Did he give you the $800
<br />he borrowed from me?"
<br />
<br />Moral of the story: If you share critical information
<br />pertaining to credit and risk with your shareholders
<br />in time, you may be in a position to prevent avoidable
<br />exposure.</span>
<br />
