---
layout: post
title: Muzzik - Gangzta, Eskimo, Stuff by me.
---

so, I have been reading some stuff tonight about the death of dance (as in music that would be classified as such, not the movements). I know that most people don't care, but I think that it is pretty interesting that all these people grew up, or whateve. <a href="http://gutterbreakz.blogspot.com/2005/02/state-of-dance-music-ive-been-enjoying.html">Gutterbreakz</a> links to a few arguements and has some comments of his own...
<br /><blockquote>The thing about technologically-driven music is that, during those certain 'white heat' phases, it develops and mutates at such a ferocious rate that sometimes you feel that the original ideas didn't get a chance to be fully explored, as with Darkside Jungle. I spent nearly fifteen years telling anyone who would listen that the synthpop/futurist<span style="font-size:130%;"><span style="font-weight: bold;">*</span></span> period circa 1978-82 was ripe for fresh exploration...
<br />Yet when the revival actually began, I was horrified by the majority of it.</blockquote>As for myself, I am mostly interested with what the hell is happening in two places...
<br /><a href="http://gelandweave.blogspot.com/">Gangzta/krunk/hip-hop is dead and come back to life as a flesh eating zombie</a> and whatever the fuck "eskimo" is (<a href="http://stylusmagazine.com/feature.php?ID=1211">Grime/dubstep/NUSKOOL-UKG</a>). I like to think of whatever hiphop has mutated into is the most bizzare stuff to dance to. It is strange to see people dancing to tongue slap rythyms (snoop dogg - drop it like its hot).
<br />
<br />Eskimo it turns out, is not in fact music made for dancing to while wearing those silly eskimo looking jackets (although they can certainly dance to it), it is a track by a guy named Wiley (although according to some <a href="http://silverdollarcircle.blogspot.com/">sources,</a> it may be somebody elses track). I think that one of the things that I like most about all this grime stuff is what is written about it, but that may be because I don't have the inside perspective on the scene.
<br />
<br />I guess the best way to deal with it is just to start dropping some of these tracks the next time I am allowed to dj, and see how people deal with it. I think that it may just be too wierd.
<br />
<br />also, I was going to share some acid house that I have been writing, but I think I am just going to share the <a href="http://s12.yousendit.com/d.aspx?id=1DJ1ADY9NXFGP1IP72Q5G8EBME">eskimo track</a> instead.
<br />
