---
layout: post
title: Finished an album.
---
 
Last month I participated in a project called <a href="http://narmo.org">NARMO</a>, the participants of which attempted to complete a 31 minute long album in one month. I managed to finish under the deadline, and my offering is available now. It would be awesome if you could download the <a href="http://jonbro.tk/blog/wp-content/uploads/2006/06/JonBro-BossLevel.zip">entire album as a zip file</a> but if bandwidth concerns keep you from doing so, you can grab the individual tracks at the <a href="http://www.jonbro.tk/narmo/">project page</a>.

This album is a somewhat significant departure from what I normally do, due to the fact that I played some actual physical instrument on every track. I also tried to fit vocals on everything as well, and I think that it came out alright, if somewhat hesitant and <span class="p">melancholy.
</span>

Some of the other albums that I think are pretty good from the competition are:

the <a href="http://narmo.org/narmite/10">Chris Schwan</a> album, which is really intresting ambient and field recordings which duck into techno about halfway through all of the tracks ( <a href="http://cschwan.com/unafam/">Download here</a> )

the <a href="http://narmo.org/narmite/72">Fred Hamilton</a> album, which is pretty silly rock. I don't think it is quite ready for radio play, but it is encouraging somehow. ( <a href="http://www.yonkitime.com/sounds/NARMo/">Download here</a> )

<a href="http://narmo.org/narmite/21">the counterweights</a> for their totally fantastic cover, and the <a href="http://www.gibberish.com/">awesome blog</a> of the person that wrote it. I havn't really given this one enough time, but <a href="http://gibberish.com/misuba/narmo/31-Suitcase%20In%20Hand.mp3">this track</a> is pretty good ( <a href="http://gibberish.com/misuba/narmo/">Download here</a> )

<a href="http://narmo.org/narmite/37">d.edren</a> is well produced idm, but loses points because I have to open up an xml file to find out where to download the mp3s. Currently you have to <a href="http://a-dsr.net/NaRmOnICa">listen to it in a flash player</a>.

<a href="http://www.genlevel.com/14bits.html">14bits</a> is some techno stuff as well. nice and roomy.

ok, hope you enjoy!
