---
layout: post
title: Some updates
---
 
OK! please excuse the lack of posting frequency, I have been very busy for the past month. During that time I completed a move with a few of my former roommates into quite the fantastic house. It has been very busy around here, what with the trying to fill up space and whatnot. I just completed setting up an old powerbook as a media center hooked to the t.v. I am sure the setup phase of this project will continue for a while as I add services (fileshare, webserver, etc.)  to the computer, but as it stands, we can use it for music and dvds.

Also since I last posted, <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTflJXs4qms">I had a very brief segment on the nbc nightly news</a>. <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zqnASjunx8">I made a parody video of the "head on" commercial and posted it to youtube</a>, which was subsequently played on the final segment of the news as an example of the "instant parodies" that the <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Is3icfcbmbs">original commercial</a> generated.

Also since I last posted, I became an actual full-time employee of wall-to-wall studios, which basically means that I have a health plan, but it hopefully means that I have a bit more job security than when I was working for them as a "full time contractor". My position there is quickly moving towards flash developer, which is not a totally bad place to be, flash is a pretty intersting language, shrouded in about 4000 pounds of poor interface (read: I cannot quite comprehend it).

OK, I hope that gets you up to speed, I will post some pictures of the new house as soon as I find my digital camera.

Update: <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/jonbro/tags/newhouse/">Here are some pictures of the new house, as promised</a>.
