---
layout: post
title: A multitude of comic strips (created by me and friends)
---
 
I just finished uploading to flickr a batch of <a href="http://flickr.com/photos/jonbro/sets/72157594189055780/">comic strips which were created by me and some friends during college</a>. These were recently unearthed by Eli (who needs a website so that I can link him) during a move to the D.C. metropolitian area.

If you are having difficulty reading them, be sure to use the "All Sizes" button so that you get an expanded size of the picture.

Some of the ones that I enjoy a ton are:
<a href="http://flickr.com/photos/jonbro/184340971/in/set-72157594189055780/">a beverage vampire claims another victim</a>, <a href="http://flickr.com/photos/jonbro/183030105/in/set-72157594189055780/">depressed pretzel</a>,  <a href="http://flickr.com/photos/jonbro/183031676/in/set-72157594189055780/">flowers and mountainhead</a>, <a href="http://flickr.com/photos/jonbro/183032910/in/set-72157594189055780/">science convention?</a>, and <a href="http://flickr.com/photos/jonbro/184341939/in/set-72157594189055780/">x-rated movie in a toilet</a>.
A large number of these comics were created using the WTF method, which is <a href="http://flickr.com/photos/jonbro/183032501/in/set-72157594189055780/">partially documented here</a>. The basic rules of the method are as follows:
<ol>
	<li>artist Alpha draws a panel.</li>
	<li>artist Beta provides text for that panel, and draws the next panel.</li>
	<li>artist Alpha provides text for prior panel... and so on.</li>
</ol>
This method was expanded upon to create quite fantastic drinking games, or ways to pass the time as we waited for shows to start, or things to do instead of watching T.V. whilst hanging out.

Please do enjoy, and if you make any comics using this method (or just the first panel) please drop a link in the comments.
