---
layout: post
title: f*ck the implications, lets blog!
---
 
<p>I am rapidly approaching the <strong>second</strong> self imposed deadline in this <a href="http://partymode.org/posts/show/289">blogging competition/support group pact</a> that I have entered into with <a href="http://partymode.org/elipousson">eli</a> and <a href="http://partymode.org/billbernstein/">billy</a> (my friends and roommates from college and beyond). As such, I am going to throw down the gauntlet and just vomit out whatever random crap is necessary to get rolling. My <a href="http://respectk.blogspot.com/2005/10/short-story-about-techno.html">prior blog</a> was a moderate success, but it never got to where it was really supposed to. It may have been the presence of implied rules that were setup before the <a href="http://respectk.blogspot.com/2004/06/what-i-respectk.html">first post</a> was ever made.<br /><br />
After some friendly <a href="http://partymode.org/">groupblogging/shoutboarding</a> (for those who are interested, <a href="http://web.archive.org/web/20011203055904/http://www.hyouden.net/">the board it was conceptually based on</a>) that I have been doing with my friends, I am starting to feel more comforatable with just keeping this blog as YASOC (yet another stream of conciousness). A large part of the reason that I am starting this blog is due to <a href="http://www.collisiondetection.net/mt/archives/2006/02/blogonomics_my.html#001430">internet</a> <a href="http://www.oreillynet.com/pub/wlg/9184?wlg=yes">pressure</a>. If nothing else it will give me another place to jam my half finished projects, and perhaps garner larger user tests than <a href="http://moneybagz.partymode.org/">my last project</a> which had a test group of one.<br /><br />
There were some implied rules to the pact that I am not going to go into here, the important thing to take away from this post is that I have another feed that you may want to add into your feedreader. Unless you are one of the other people involved in the pact, in which case, I am letting you know that I am ignoring the implied rules from here on in.
</p>
