---
layout: post
title: Homemade ginger ale recipie
---
 
<em>stabbedintheface posted this on Jun 30th, 2007 at 10:59:24 am</em>
<strong>home-brewed ginger ale:</strong>
ingredients:
2 liter bottle
1 cup sugar
1/4 tsp dry active yeast
1 1/2 tbsp grated ginger
juice of one whole lemon

-Get a 2 Liter (or there abouts. mine is a little different because the sizes are slightly different in Japan) and put a funnel in the top of it

-pour 1 cup sugar into the bottle (i used brown sugar)

-pour 1/4 tsp dry active yeast into bottle as well

-shake it up so the sugar/yeast mix well

-grate 1 1/2 tbsp of ginger on a grater with very fine teeth. place ginger in a cup to the side

-juice the lemon, and pour into the cup with the grated ginger, but dont wash out the juicer just yet

-stir the lemon and ginger together, then pour into the bottle. rinse the juicer with fresh clean water and pour the water into the bottle as well, to get all the lemon flavor.

-cap and shake bottle so all the ingredients mix well

-open the bottle and fill the rest of the way with fresh cool water, leaving about an inch of headspace. Cap the bottle very tightly, and invert it a few times so the sugar dissolves.

-place in a cool place (i put mine in the closet) for 24-48 hours. Check on the bottle and if it is hard to the touch, showing you there is a decent amount of fermentation/carbonation that has occured, place it in teh fridge over night. if not, let it sit a little longer until the bottle is hard with pressure. allowing it to cool over night will assure you dont explode ginger ale all over the place, and it will taste better.

You may want to pour it through a strainer when you have a glass, as lemon and ginger bit may still be floating. In the end, this is one of the best ginger ales i have ever tasted, and super simple.

<em>There are some potentially large posts in the tubes, I just didn't want to let this blog completely die before I was able to figure out a replacement for it.</em> 
